Update and reword README.md (#5023)
StackStorm/st2: README.md

**StackStorm** is a platform for integration and automation across services and tools, taking actions in response to events. Learn more at [www.stackstorm.com](http://www.stackstorm.com/product).

[![Apache Licensed](https://img.shields.io/github/license/StackStorm/st2)](LICENSE) 
![Python 2.7 | 3.6](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-2.7%20%7C%203.6-blue) 

> [![Travis Unit Tests Status](https://travis-ci.org/StackStorm/st2.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/StackStorm/st2) 

Reviewer: I think naturally all the CI build statuses come first as something that might change red/green.

Besides of that looks good.

Author: Good call.

#### StackStorm architecture

![StackStorm architecture diagram](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/597113/92291633-6b5aae00-eece-11ea-912e-3bf977aa3cea.png)

StackStorm plugs into the environment via an extensible set of adapters: sensors and actions.

* **Sensors** are Python plugins for inbound integration that watch for events from external systems and fire a StackStorm trigger when an event happens.

* **Triggers** are StackStorm representations of external events. There are generic triggers (e.g. timers, webhooks) and integration triggers (e.g. Sensu alert, JIRA issue updated). A new trigger type can be defined by writing a sensor plugin.

* **Actions** are StackStorm outbound integrations. There are generic actions (SSH, HTTP request), integrations (OpenStack, Docker, Puppet), or custom actions. Actions are either Python plugins, or any scripts, consumed into StackStorm by adding a few lines of metadata. Actions can be invoked directly by user via CLI, API, or the web UI, or used and called as part of automations - rules and workflows.

* **Rules** map triggers to actions (or to workflows), applying matching criterias and map trigger payload data to action inputs.

> * **Workflows** stitch actions together into "uber-actions", defining the order, transition conditions, and passing context data from one action to the next. Most automations are multi-step (eg: more than one action). Workflows, just like "atomic" actions, are available in the action library, and can be invoked manually or triggered by rules.

Reviewer 2: Should that be eg. rather than eg:   ?

Author: Yep, TIL.

> * **Workflows** stitch actions together into "uber-actions", defining the order, transition conditions, and passing context data from one action to the next. Most automations are multi-step (eg: more than one action). Workflows, just like "atomic" actions, are available in the action library, and can be invoked manually or triggered by rules.

Reviewer 3: The correct form for the "For example" abbreviation is *e.g.*

> * **Workflows** stitch actions together into "uber-actions", defining the order, transition conditions, and passing context data from one action to the next. Most automations are multi-step (eg: more than one action). Workflows, just like "atomic" actions, are available in the action library, and can be invoked manually or triggered by rules.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* **Workflows** stitch actions together into "uber-actions", defining the order, transition conditions, and passing context data from one action to the next. Most automations are multi-step (e.g. more than one action). Workflows, just like "atomic" actions, are available in the action library, and can be invoked manually or triggered by rules.
```

* **Audit trail** is the historical list of action executions, manual or automated, and is recorded and stored with full details of triggering context and execution results. It is is also captured in audit logs for integrating with external logging and analytical tools: LogStash, Splunk, statsd, or syslog.

StackStorm is a service with modular architecture. It is comprised of loosely coupled microservice components that communicate over a message bus, and scales horizontally to deliver automation at scale. StackStorm has a full REST API, CLI client, and web UI for admins and users to operate it locally or remotely, as well as Python client bindings for developer convenience.

StackStorm is an established project and remains actively developed by a broad community.

## Documentation

Additional documentation, including installation proceduces, action/rule/workflow authoring, and how to setup and use triggers/sensors can be found at [https://docs.stackstorm.com](https://docs.stackstorm.com).

## Hacking / Contributing

> To set up development environment and run StackStorm from sources, follow [these instructions](https://docs.stackstorm.com/development/sources.html).

Reviewer 2: Should it be "set up a development environment" - i.e. extra word a?

Author: Yep, good catch!

For more information, please refer to https://docs.stackstorm.com/latest/security.html

## Copyright, License, and Contributor Agreement

Copyright 2020 The StackStorm Authors.

> Copyright 2014-2018 StackStorm, Inc.

Reviewer 2: What was copyright for 2019? Its not in the list of years.
